let go
Sun Tzu Peak relies on your support
Not only urumu
And make things difficult for me
And finally.
They even threatened me not to leave this hotel
Humph so nonsense
How can I let Mr. Shaw go?
Oh, I see.
You are an animal
I now declare
From today onwards
Expel Sun Tzu Feng from the family
In the future, no matter whether you live or die, it has nothing to do with the Sun family
There will be no self-service in the future.
Dad, what are you talking about?
I am your own son
You can't do that!
You bastard
It's all your fault
Can't blame my father
For our Sun family
For your mother
For your sister and brother
I can only abandon you now
Dad, you can't do this. Go away
What? Where are you going?
Don't you want me too?
Don't pull me
You have now been expelled from your home by the Sun family
What makes you think I'll still be with you?
Do you suffer with you?
Get out of here
Su Chen, Su Chen, don't go
Come on.
Someone owes you something to bring home
Tell him to pack up and get out
Oh dad
You can't do this to me!
Go away dad